DOC-2748-bug fixes added (#852)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/release-notes/pages/index.adoc

==== Functionality

* Fixed missing error message when running a non-procedural GSQL query containing syntax errors at the end (GLE-10295).

> * Fixed confusing *REST-10015* error messages when upserting a single vertex using the `gsql-atomic-level:atomic` flag via REST API (GLE-10680).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Eliminated false *REST-10015* error message when upserting a single vertex using the `gsql-atomic-level:atomic` flag via REST API (GLE-10680).
```
"Eliminated false..." is more accurate than "Fixed confusing..."
Something that is correct can be confusing.  But the problem here is that there should not have been any error message.

> * Fixed a GPE crash after removing a node or when a Disaster Recovery cluster has fewer replicas than the primary cluster (CORE-4967).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a GPE crash caused by removing a cluster node or when a Disaster Recovery cluster has fewer replicas than the primary cluster (CORE-4967).
```

* Fixed the MaxFlow algorithm to return correct results, consistent with documented examples (GLE-10737).

> 

Reviewer: * Fixed an underflow error in the vertexCount function (CORE-5117).
* Fixed a UDF parsing error which did not detect UDF names which conflict with built-in functions (GLE-10326).

==== Improvements

* Moved GSQL query and loading job compilation checks to the pre-check phase during upgrade to catch errors earlier and avoid manual fixes after upgrade (TP-7289).
* Reduced disk usage by removing on-disk indexes in cloud mode and deleting main files in both cloud and on-prem deployments (CORE-4930).
* Added support for extracting JWT certificates from JWKS by `kid` to handle automatic key rotation by identity providers (GLE-10001).
* Enhanced security for namespace-scoped TigerGraph Operator installations by separating the necessary cluster roles and namespace roles (TP-7024).

==== Security

> * Fixed a security vulnerability that exposed sensitive AWS credentials in plain text when you accessed them with the `gadmin config get` command. These values are now properly masked (TP-8285).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Eliminated a security vulnerability that allowed AWS credentials to be read in plain text using the `gadmin config get` command. These values are now masked (TP-8285).
```

* Fixed unauthorized exposure of graph name and creator information via the `/auth/simple` and `/internal/info` APIs (GLE-10746).

> * Fixed exposure of raw personally identifiable information (PII) in loading job summary files by replacing detailed data with line numbers for invalid entries (TP-8575).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Eliminated the potential exposure of personally identifiable information (PII) in loading job summary files by replacing detailed data with line numbers for invalid entries (TP-8575).
```

==== Functionality

* Fixed missing error message when running a non-procedural GSQL query containing syntax errors at the end (GLE-10295).
* Eliminated false *REST-10015* error message when upserting a single vertex using the `gsql-atomic-level:atomic` flag via REST API (GLE-10680).
* Fixed a GPE crash caused by removing a cluster node or when a Disaster Recovery cluster has fewer replicas than the primary cluster (CORE-4967).
* Fixed the MaxFlow algorithm to return correct results, consistent with documented examples (GLE-10737).
* Fixed a UDF parsing error that failed to detect user-defined function names which conflict with built-in functions (GLE-10326).
* Fixed an issue where the system would throw a NullPointerException and fail to create or install a query during code validation (GLE-10501).

> * Fixed an issue by skipping authentication when replaying requests in a Disaster Recovery cluster (GLE-10702).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where authentication was skipped when replaying requests in a Disaster Recovery cluster (GLE-10702).
```

> * Fixed an issue that could cause upgrade failures by performing query and token bank compilation checks during the pre‑upgrade stage (GLE‑9459).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved the upgrade process by performing query and token bank compilation checks during pre‑upgrade instead of post-upgrade (GLE‑9459).
```

==== Improvements

> * Moved GSQL query and loading job compilation checks to the pre-check phase during upgrade to catch errors earlier and avoid manual fixes after upgrade (TP-7289).

Reviewer: This sounds like the same issue as GLE-9450. Please look into that.

* Reduced disk usage by removing on-disk indexes in cloud mode and deleting main files in both cloud and on-prem deployments (CORE-4930).

> * Added support for extracting JWT certificates from JWKS by `kid` to handle automatic key rotation by identity providers (GLE-10001).

Reviewer: This sounds like it should be in the New and Improved Features section.

When we put an Improvement in the Fixed Issues section, it is usually a performance improvement or an internal improvement that doesn't change functionality.

* Enhanced security for namespace-scoped TigerGraph Operator installations by separating the necessary cluster roles and namespace roles (TP-7024).
* Improved upgrade logs with a clearer message: *Installation of new TigerGraph version* (TP-8249).

> * Added support for the `PRINT vt TO_CSV f` syntax to allow printing a vertex set directly to a CSV file (GLE-10523).

Reviewer: New and Improved Feature. 
Should also be described on the PRINT page.
